Q: How did viewing a diff between tow versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
A: It only displayed the lines that were different, so I only had to
	look at the characters in those two lines.
	
Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer
	in the long term?
A: I would be able to look back at how I fixed mistakes, and also would have access to code for older
	features that may be obsolete, but the code examples can be used for a new feature in a different
	project.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do
	in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A: Pros - I know to save at points that make sense from a compile standpoint, so each commit should
	theoretically be able to compile.
	Cons - I may forget to commit enough, I also may change a file that I shouldn't and include that
	in a commit while it would make sense to be saved in a different commit.
	
Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one
	commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A: Git is designed for software version control, and usually software requires multiple files.
	Essentially, Git is saving a version of the program.  Google Docs is assuming that each document
	is standalone, so it is designed to only track that single document.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A: You can search for the commit you want by reading the commit message for commits and choosing the
	appropriate commit.  Then you can take the previous commit SHA and compare it to the commit in
	questions using the git diff function.
	
Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A: I wouldn't be afraid of changing and deleting code because the code doesn't really get deleted.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A: I would like to continue using it to complete this course, but I look forward to figuring out how to 
	use it in conjunction with my IDE's so I can maintain versions of projects I'm working on.